Welcome to the second
week of this course.
In this video, you're
going to learn
about parts of speech tagging.
Specifically, you will see
the difference applications
that it is used for.
You will also learn
how to compute
the accuracy of a part
of speech tagger.
First, I'll go over what
parts of speech tagging is.
Then I'll show you how to
use so-called Markov chains,
and hidden Markov
models to create
parts of speech tags
for your text corpus.
Next, I will introduce
the Viterbi algorithm,
and demonstrates how it's
used in hidden Markov models.
You'll get to try this on
your own with an example.
You're going to apply all of
these skills in this
weeks coding assignments.
It's a big week, so
let's get started.
Part-of-speech refers
to the category of
words or the lexical
terms in the language.
Examples of these
lexical terms in
the English language would
be noun, verb, adjective,
adverb, pronoun,
preposition, although
there are many others,
let's take a look
at this sentence.
Why not learn something?
Rising out, the names of
these terms can quickly
become cumbersome
drink texts Analysis.
So you're going to use
a short representation called
tags to represent
these categories.
The process of assigning
these tags to the words of
a sentence or your corpus
is referred to as parts
of speech tagging,
or POS tagging for short,
because POS tags describe
the characteristics structure of
lexical terms in a
sentence or text.
You can use them to make
assumptions about semantics.
They're used for identifying
named entities too and
a sentence such as the Eiffel
Tower is located in Paris.
Eiffel Tower in Paris
are both named entities.
Tags are also used for
co-reference resolution.
If you have the two sentences,
the Eiffel tower is
located in Paris,
it is 324 meters high.
You can use parts of speech
sagging to infer that
it's refers in this context
to the Eiffel Tower.
Another application is
speech recognition,
where you use parts of
speech tags to check
if a sequence of words has
a high probability or not.
You know now the
difference applications
of parts of speech sagging.
In the next video,
you're going to learn
about Markov chains
and you'll see how
you can use them to decode
the parts of speech of
a certain sentence.